My dad is a pioneer ambassador
He didn't even get the news in advance
How do you know that?
Yeah, I just know.
It's going to be announced tomorrow anyway
Hey, are they all your own?
What's there to say?
Boss just got the news
A few plots of land in the southern center
There were lots of snakes and weasels.
I'm afraid I can't ask for those lands.
How could this be?
If what Su Yuze said is true
Then these plots of land are indeed the most valuable.
But now the foundation is sinking
It seems that nothing can be built. Later, the palace was built
How is that possible?
It must be man-made
artificial
Who has such great ability?
Can drive such a large number of animals of course
Yechen
Proficient in five elements gossip
Able Person Consciousness of Feng Shui Honey Technique
There is a way to drive animals
But it's hard to do something like break the foundation
It also indirectly shows that the ability to cause people is very strong